README.md, before:

# Django Diazo

Integrate Diazo in Django using WSGI middleware and add/change themes using the Django Admin interface.

## Installation

### settings.py

    INSTALLED_APPS = (
        ...
        'django_diazo',
        ...
    )

### wsgi.py

    # Apply WSGI middleware here.
    from django_diazo.wsgi import DiazoMiddlewareWrapper
    application = DiazoMiddlewareWrapper(application)

### Database (South migrations)

    python manage.py migrate django_diazo

### CodeMirror

Download [CodeMirror](http://codemirror.net/).

See https://pypi.python.org/pypi/django-codemirror-widget.

#### How to Use

Specify `CODEMIRROR_PATH` on `settings.py`.

`CODEMIRROR_PATH` is the URI of CodeMirror directory like `CODEMIRROR_PATH = r"javascript/codemirror"`.
If you don't specify it, it defaults to `'codemirror'`.

CodeMirror download should be put there (unpacked).

#### Settings

- `CODEMIRROR_PATH`
    - the URI of CodeMirror directory (your CodeMirror installation should live in `{{ STATIC_URL }}/{{ CODEMIRROR_PATH }}`)
- `CODEMIRROR_MODE`
    - the default mode which may be a string or configuration map (DEFAULT: 'javascript')
- `CODEMIRROR_THEME`
    - the default theme applied (DEFAULT: 'default')
- `CODEMIRROR_CONFIG`
    - base mapping for the rest of the CodeMirror options (DEFAULT: `{ 'lineNumbers': True }`)

Commit message:

serving uploaded themes in development mode

README.md, after:

# Django Diazo

Integrate Diazo in Django using WSGI middleware and add/change themes using the Django Admin interface.

## Installation

### settings.py

    INSTALLED_APPS = (
        ...
        'django_diazo',
        ...
    )

### wsgi.py

    # Apply WSGI middleware here.
    from django_diazo.wsgi import DiazoMiddlewareWrapper
    application = DiazoMiddlewareWrapper(application)

### Database (South migrations)

    python manage.py migrate django_diazo

### Uploaded themes

By default, the .zip files that are uploaded are stored in the media folder.
You might want to serve this files in debug mode.
Add the following to your ``urls.py``:

    if settings.DEBUG:
    urlpatterns = patterns('',
       url(r'^media/(?P<path>.*)$', 'django.views.static.serve',
           {'document_root': settings.MEDIA_ROOT, 'show_indexes': True}),
    ) + urlpatterns

For production environments it is not recommended to serve the whole media dir.
Since this product is not production ready, there's no solution yet included.

### CodeMirror

Download [CodeMirror](http://codemirror.net/).

See https://pypi.python.org/pypi/django-codemirror-widget.

#### How to Use

Specify `CODEMIRROR_PATH` on `settings.py`.

`CODEMIRROR_PATH` is the URI of CodeMirror directory like `CODEMIRROR_PATH = r"javascript/codemirror"`.
If you don't specify it, it defaults to `'codemirror'`.

CodeMirror download should be put there (unpacked).

#### Settings

- `CODEMIRROR_PATH`
    - the URI of CodeMirror directory (your CodeMirror installation should live in `{{ STATIC_URL }}/{{ CODEMIRROR_PATH }}`)
- `CODEMIRROR_MODE`
    - the default mode which may be a string or configuration map (DEFAULT: 'javascript')
- `CODEMIRROR_THEME`
    - the default theme applied (DEFAULT: 'default')
- `CODEMIRROR_CONFIG`
    - base mapping for the rest of the CodeMirror options (DEFAULT: `{ 'lineNumbers': True }`)
